Removing extra step on recordings (#7265)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/testing-a-downloaded-file.md

      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---

> Web applications can embed a lot of logic. You might for instance need to **upload a file** to validate the final step of a functional workflow testing a profile creation. When uploading a file at the test recorder level, Datadog Synthetics Browser tests automatically identify the uploaded file and create the [`Upload file` associated step][1]. It is then able to upload that file again at test execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web applications can embed a lot of logic. You may, for instance, need to **upload a file** to validate the final step of a functional workflow to test a profile creation. When uploading a file at the test recorder level, Datadog Synthetics Browser tests automatically identify the uploaded file and create the [`Upload file` associated step][1]. It is then able to upload that file again at test execution.
```

> **Downloading files** is another common action users take on web applications: download an order confirmation from an e-commerce website, the PDF or CSV export history of bank account transactions, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Downloading files** is another common action users take on web applications: downloading an order confirmation from an e-commerce website or the PDF or CSV export history of bank account transactions.
```

> Datadog’s browser tests and the `Test a downloaded file` assertion allow you to verify that downloadable files from your web application are correctly being served (for example, from your FTP server). With this assertion, downloadable files, such as a PDF receipt from an e-commerce website or a CSV history of banking transactions, can be tested to ensure they have the correct file name, size, and data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog’s browser tests and the `Test a downloaded file` assertion allow you to verify that downloadable files from your web application are correctly being served (for example, from your FTP server). With this assertion, downloadable files can be tested to ensure they have the correct file name, size, and data. 
```
